Do you remember Wang Ming?
Where is our previous housekeeper now?
Prison? How did he get in?
What does this have to do with you?
He's my father.
Your father is right
I went abroad before
My father has been your housekeeper
When I came back
The only time I can see my relatives
Tell me my father is in jail
Your father is in prison for his own crimes
What does it have to do with us?
What does it have to do with you?
My father was a man of integrity all his life
Not even a single lie
How could someone like him make such a mistake?
How could you do such a serious thing?
20 years in prison for betrayal
You said you treated me like a brother
Then what do you Song family treat my father as?
Your father is a good man
Are we the bad guys?
No real evidence
Don't talk nonsense.
How have I treated you since I was a child?